Programming assignment 2
========================

a) Write an Android application containing a Service component, which provides
the address of the current location to its clients. Clients should be able to
register to receive location updates, which the service should deliver
periodically until the client unregisters. The Service should declare a new
permission, which clients are required to to have in order to receive location
updates. The Service should be able to service multiple clients, but may queue
the service requests and handle them one by one.

Given these requirements, consider what is the most appropriate lifecycle for
the Service and IPC mechanism to use in communication with clients.

Hint: The MyAbstractLocationService class provided implements a Google Play
services API client, which registers the receive peridic location updates in
the form of GPS coordinatesou can subclass MyAbstractionLocationService and
obtain the current address by performing reverse GeoCoding of current
coordinates.

The periodic location updates are delivered via the onLocationChanged(Location)
callback, which the subclass should implement. Alternatively, the latest
location coordinates can be obtained by calling:

com.google.android.gms.location.LocationServices.FusedLocationApi.getLastLocation()

and passing the mGoogleApiClient member inherited from the abstract location
service class as argument. The Service must have the appropriate permissions to
access the current location.

b) Write a client application which displays the current address to the user.
The client application should not have the permissions to access the current
GPS coordinates by itself, but must obtain the current address from the Service
written in step (a). To do so, it must be assigned the permission declared in (a).

Hint: In order to test your application, you can use the attached GPS trace to
provide mock GPS locations to the Android emulator. Instructions on how to use
GPS traces with the emulator can be found on the course wiki. 

Attachments: <MyAbstractLocationService.java>
             <helsinki-espoo-roundtrip.gpx>

